Hi, good afternoon. This is a short tutorial on how to use the new CBVMI app. I will first show the online version of the app. So as you might know, we have two versions for this VMI app. One is for online. One is for offline. Online is only to be used if the customer your VMI customer has good internet connection, stable internet connection on the site. If that is not the case, if the customer does not have stable internet connection, then we want to go with the offline mode. So here, as you can see, the first screen is the login screen when you open the CBVMI app. The first thing you want to do is select the user ID. So for this example, we will be selecting Maryland Tremblay as the user ID. So you can see MNTY. And the next step is to enter the password. So by default, for everybody, the password is set as 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 6 digit number. We also have option to change password. As you can see here, you can change password as per your liking. But for this example, we will go with the default password. So we login as Maryland and we enter the password 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and login. Here, you are on the main home screen of the app. And your first option here is for online order. So we click that and you will see the spade here. We are only going to select order management, which is the first tab shown here. Other tabs are not required at this point. Here, as you can see, you have all the customers for that user ID. So for example, for Maryland, she works with all the Quebec accounts. So she will only be able to see all the VMI accounts from the Quebec region. So as you can see, all the RFP sites are here. We will select RFP Doble for this example. You can also see the search bar shown here above. This is like a Google search. So basically, if you don't want to scroll down the list manually and you know the customer that you are looking to do the scan for, you just enter the customer number here. So 3, 9, 0, 0, 2 and you're going to see RFP Doble. Or if you want to type with the letters, you can type D-O-L, B-E-A and you see the customer there. And you select the customer, and you select the ship to that you want to start scanning for that customer. So for this example, we're going to select VMI1 main store. And when you are in this screen, you can see the inventory loaded for that ship to for the customer. So all items here showing for VMI1 for RFP Doble. Here you can see on the search bar shown above, you can enter the CPN number. So you can enter D-B-1523. And it's going to only show you the one item for that CPN. You can also use CB part number. So 462055B-F. So it's a Brighton Best part and it's going to show you that. So it's like a Google search where you can use to search for the item that you want to scan. If you want to use the camera, you also have the option of opening the scan option here. And we'll ask you to access your camera. You say allow and you will have the bar code here. And you can scan the label and it will pick up the CPN from the label and populate it in the search bar shown above. So two options, you can either do scan with the camera or you can enter manually the CPN number here. For example, D-B-1523 and you're going to see that one item there. For this example, I'm going to select two items. So I'm going to do the first item here. I enter a quantity, let's say we want to order 100 of this item. When you enter the quantity in this box, please make sure that you check this order quantity box. If you do not check or if you forget to check this box, this item will not be added to the shopping cart, which I will show you in the next step. So it's very important to check this box for the item that you want to order. So we ordered one item now. We're going to order one more. We're going to scan this item and we're going to say we want 50 of this item. And again, make sure you check box here. So we have two items here. And let's say that is all that I want to scan for this customer. So as you can see on the bottom right corner, I click on the shopping cart icon. When I click on the shopping cart, it takes me to the next screen where I can review any item. If I want to change or if I want to delete, I can click on the delete option and delete the item. And review everything. If everything is good, you click on review on the left bottom corner of your screen. And this takes you to the final order screen, where it gives you one more chance to look and check if everything is good. If everything is good, you send the order. Also, you have an option to make it urgent or normal. So right now, by default, it is normal, but you can also make it urgent by clicking on this toggle and it will send you high importance email. And I place order, I click on order, here, and give it maybe 10 or 20 seconds. Yes. So as you can see here, on the top of your screen, you have a message saying order, placed, and email sent successfully. Now, if you check your outlook email, you're going to see the order in your email, in your inbox, just like this. So I place the order at 301. At 301 p.m., I get the email from the app saying that I have placed the VMI order, customer number, ship two, and customer name. And here you can see the order details. You have all the important information here, order date, order time, quantity, bin location, CB part number, and the person who placed the order, in this case, it was mean. So, and once we have this app connected with NetSuite, the final step is after this email, you're going to get another email from NetSuite for the quote request that is created for this order. And with the QU quotation number, and you will use that to log into NetSuite to process that order for the customer, like you currently do for your VMI customers. So this was for the online orders.