This is a tutorial for the offline version of the CBVMI app. So we will start from this homepage here on Power Apps. You want to play on CBVMI 0619. And like we had in the previous tutorial, we are going to select the first user ID. So we will select Maryland's user ID here. And we will enter the password 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. As I mentioned in the previous tutorial, you have an option to change password below. So now we will just log in with a default password. And as you can see, offline order is the second option here. So you want to click on that. Before we start this tutorial, just to make sure everybody is clear. Offline mode is only to be used for the customers where you do not have a good or stable internet connection. So if your customer has not good internet connection, then you want to use the offline version only. So to start off with offline, first up, as you can see on the top right corner is the toggle for online and offline. So we want to just click on the toggle and you will see this message. You just want to click yes all the time. So click yes. And you can see the first option here is load location. This is basically to be done online. So let's say the TSR or the VMI coordinator before going to the customer site. They will do this step when they are at home or in the office where they will download the customer inventory on to their device. For this step, you need internet connection. So you need to be connected to the Wi-Fi or cellular data. To do the first step in offline mode. So I'll select the first step here, load location. And let's say we want to do RFP Alma. So I can type here Alma and I can see the customer here, RFP Alma. So I select this customer. Now the offline mode gives you option to select multiple shiptos for the same customer that you want to do the scan for. So for example, in this case, you'll see the various shiptos for RFP Alma. And let's say we want to do this one, this one, and this one. So I have three shiptos selected VMI 7, VMI 6, and VMI 5. And I save this ship. So now we have successfully downloaded the customer, RFP Alma, and the inventory for the three shiptos for RFP Alma. As I mentioned, this step needs internet connection. So you will have to be connected to the internet to do this. Now let's say that we are on the customer site. We are at RFP Alma site and they do not have good internet connection. So I'm going to go ahead and turn off the internet on my phone to make it fully offline mode now. As you can see, when my phone is offline, no Wi-Fi, no cellular data, I can only see the second option. The first and the last option are disabled. Only the second option, low to place order, is enabled. This option is for the real scanning, actual scanning, on the customer site. So I click on the second option, low to place order. As you can see on the screen, I have the customer that I downloaded the inventory for in the previous step and the three shiptos locations. That I selected in the previous step. I will go with the first one here, VMI 6. And when I click on VMI 6, I see all the inventory, all the items for VMI 6 for RFP Alma. As we showed in the online tutorial, we can either enter the CPN number on the search bar here. So 4347 Alma, you will see the items for 4347. If you want to do with the CP part number, you can also do that. You can add 2-MS-16-35 and it's going to show you the two items there. Or you can also do the scan option, where you click on scan and you open the label and you scan the label and the CPN. And the phone will scan the CPN and have it listed here on your thing. So for this example, we're going to do two items. Let's pick this item. Let's say we want 50 of this item. And as I mentioned in the previous tutorial, it is very important to check this box. If you do not check this box, then this item will not be added to your shopping cart for this order. Let's pick one more item here. So let's do this and I enter the quantity and I check this box. So I have two items and I go to the shopping cart. I can review the two items that I scanned and I enter the quantity for. If everything is good, I click on review and here I have one more opportunity to check if my order is good. I have the customer number, customer name, ship to and the details of the order. If everything is good, you want to click save at the bottom left screen and that ship to is completed. We will repeat the same step for the next two ship to so I will select this one now. And again, I will start with this item. For example, I click on the check box and I select one more item. And I click on the check box here. As I mentioned in the previous step, you can either use the search bar or you can also use the scan option to open your camera and scan the label. However you like. So here I have two items. This one and this one. I go to the shopping cart. I review everything is good. Click on review. And final order screen. If everything is fine, you can click on save. It will save that order. And the last ship to here we have we're going to do one more quickly. Let's do one right to me here. Let's say 25 and very important to check the box every time you add quantity for the item. This box needs to be checked. Click on the shopping cart, review your order and save the order. So this has completely this has successfully completed the scanning offline scanning for your customer and the three ship to for RFP Alma in this case. Now let's pretend that we are back to our office or back to our home where we have good internet connection. So basically we are back online. So I'm going to click connect to my Wi-Fi. And as now you can see as soon as I am connected to the Wi-Fi, the second option is disabled. Only the first and the last option are enabled. We want to now click on the last option here saved order to server. This basically is sending the order which was saved offline to net suite. So as you can see the three ship to is that we selected in the previous step and we did the scanning for. I'm going to select the first ship to I'm going to review the customer order check everything is OK. If everything is good, I click order on the left bottom screen as you can see here. As soon as I click order, I get a message in the top saying order placed an email sent successfully. Once that ship to is done, I click more order. I go to the next ship to. This is the second ship to VMI 5 for RFP Alma again two items were scanned and it looks good. So I'm going to click order. And this will send one more email for the next ship to order. And now for the last ship to order, I'm going to select again more order and go to the last ship to on this list VMI 7. VMI 7 main store again I review the order everything is good I click order. So order placed an email sent successfully. So now I go back to my home screen I see all three is checked that means I have sent the three ship to orders. Now you click done you're back to the home screen and we are all done with the with the power apps. Now if you go into your email, you will see three emails for the three respective orders that we just did in the offline mode. So you see the first one here we did for VMI 6 you have in the subject line VMI order offline customer number customer name and ship to. And like we saw in the online order email, you will have the same layout. You will see the customer name you will see the customer part number order date, other time bin location. CB part number and all the other relevant information. You will get a similar email for the other two orders as well. So this is for VMI 5 and this is for the last VMI 7. So we did three orders and we get three emails for the three orders from the VMI app. The only step after this like we discussed in the online mode is that you will get email from net suite giving you the quotation number. QU number that you can use to process the order on net suite. And that will complete your offline ordering for your VMI customer. Thank you.